hanging on Showtime and making tempura
shrimp last couple video I used a
tempura batter and some people told me
that they can I get that ingredient so
I'm gonna show you how to make it from
scratch so first I have this ocean
daughter shrimp very fresh with shout
just the 21 count which is pretty
good-sized so we're gonna kill to show
off first and what I like to do is I
want to save the tail
the reason is easy for you to grab to
dip in and fry after you peel the show
right and there's a vein in the back
here you just use a toothpick or
anything just kinda like this scoop it
out like that alright pretty simple
thing to do see ya in out and use some
salt like a paper towel next you see
this firm here we wanted to keep them a
lot a little cup here just halfway like
that
the reason is because once the strength
cook they tend to see wanting to curve
in right so if we cut here and then you
turn around and keep them a quick push
gently push the feeler shrimp meet a
very tender like this sit outside and
you move to work on your next one this
one's a good size so watch me just hop
halfway and don't cut through sit down
and keep them a quick push
that
now this trim is done cutting I'm gonna
add a pinch of salt and black pepper
here I have one cup of all-purpose flour
1/2 cup of corn starch and then we're
gonna use ice water to mix it in that
gifted when you fry the tempura shrimp
will give them a nice crispy coal batter
and hot oil the reaction give you super
crispy and here I got a little bit of
sunflower all-purpose flour we're gonna
use the shrimp to dip it in and with the
batter and fry so now let's see
I'm gonna crack one egg and then we're
gonna get them a quick stir a pinch of
salt my pepper option let's see how much
water do we need usually I go by the
texture oh my god I see you inside
no big deal we're gonna use to have tap
them first
give them a quick mix
so I have about one and a half cup of
ice water three to full cube of ice mix
the end well evenly you can have a
little lump it's okay
welcome brush rims okay I will say the
texture like pancake texture here's a
vegetable cooking oil 340 degrees very
hot so we got the best time make some
batter first at that tripping me let's
see how I do it and then quickly get one
shrimp drip some flour and the batter
and then put it right here on the top
trying to connect with all those little
from and then at the contour to the
external like that so we're gonna add
some batter in first
and then dip it in still around
so we couldn't make it lots of batter
first you see that and then you dip with
your shrimp in just like that floating
on the top of those batter right and
then we're just gonna slowly mix that
batter in together with our sperm like
this so they will tied it together okay
simple as that see that
don't think about couple minutes to cry
now we're just gonna let them fry until
like crispy hey pretty quick as I say
two minutes the most and then I have a
paper towel and a tray here just set it
up tempura Crump at the sushi restaurant
they charge you right I save a huge bowl
see before Super Bowl you can make this
some Super Bowl recipe too actually if
you go to my channel I do have a lot of
Super Bowl recipe also about the smoke
pipe right oh this one dialogic one
which is beautiful
it's crispy very crispy you hear that
very crispy here very super crispy here
we go
and then you make your own sauce okay
any stocks that you like if you I just
like like this crispy just come home
from a deep fryer beautiful I hope you
like a video I'm chef Tom thank you for
watching and you can make this for your
shrimp tempura with a little soup or you
can make this for any kind of party tray
or duping with any kind of cocktail
sauce and you sauce in your life come on
stay on
yep hope you liked the video I'm chef
Tom thank you for watching bye